That's it for this module, you learned a lot about files,
you learned how to add file upload functionality, both in the form and then most importantly on the
backend by using multer, this nice middleware which automatically extracts files from incoming requests
and stores them as specified by us and which also is able to filter out certain file types if we want
to.
You learned how to store files, both for adding and editing items,
so how to manage that and you of course also learned how to download files, how to serve them statically
with the help of that static middleware expressjs ships with and how to make sure that this uses
the right path
and alternatively or depending on your requirements, how you can serve files as a response in a route,
like with get order here in the shop.js controller where we saw multiple different options of serving
a file that already existed, for example by loading it into memory and then returning it
or that you could stream such a file instead
or that you can even generate files on the fly if required, depending on what your application requirements
are. With that you learned a lot of things about how to work with files, with streams, with responses and
this hopefully helps you implement file related features into your next application.